Update the UA reduction origin trial blog post (#1916)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/user-agent-reduction-origin-trial/index.md

sites will need to migrate to the new User-Agent [Client
Hints](https://web.dev/migrate-to-ua-ch/) API. For more details on migration
strategies, see [Migrate to User-Agent Client
Hints](https://web.dev/migrate-to-ua-ch/).

> Note that the User-Agent reduction plans do not currently include iOS and WebView;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The User-Agent reduction plans do not currently include iOS and WebView, therefore
```

those platforms will continue to get the full user agent string.  The primary
reason is that these platforms currently do not implement

> [client hints](https://wicg.github.io/client-hints-infrastructure/).

Reviewer: > These platforms have not yet implemented
> [User-Agent Client Hints](https://wicg.github.io/client-hints-infrastructure/).

Author: Done
